go to the Palm Beaches here is your new
2005 997 Carrera Coupe finding your
ideal Porsche 911 Carrera can be an
exciting search but more oftentimes the
very serious matter purchase this
important and with so many choices
you've got to find just the right one so
go string motorcars is extremely
confident you're going to fall in love
with what they found for you in this 997
coupe
now of course mileage is an important
consideration 20500 on this 2005 Carrera
driven only a little over 4,000 miles a
year on average is very good but like
most portion thews iasts you may feel
that what's more important almost in the
miles is did the previous owner take
care of it the way that I would during
those 28,000 miles this 997 fully
documented service history you can view
that on a history report at Gulfstream
motorcars com not only are you going to
love the way this performs mechanically
all of its service is taken care of at
the dealership you're gonna love the way
it looks cosmetically take for example
this sometimes vulnerable area where the
bumper meets the beginning of the hood
no rock chips no dings no paintwork has
ever been done on this automobile never
going to need to the overall condition
of the exterior is fantastic and this is
actually a rare color with so many 911s
on the road and silver red and black
this seal gray metallic further
distinguishes your Porsche and we feel
that you will agree
the previous owner spared no expense
when selecting these great-looking
19-inch HRE wheels
this 9/11 was treasured by the previous
owner soft clean black leather full
power seats it includes navigation plus
a $1400 Bose high-end sound package and
I have to admit that the Sport Chrono
Package
is a very stylish authentic 911 touch
and because this includes the $3,400
upgrade Tiptronic transmission with gear
selection right here on the steering
wheel you still have the control the
6-speed manual but at the same time you
can enjoy the laid-back convenience of
an automatic but what you avoid is that
costly clutch repair down the road it's
the right 911 with the right mileage in
history condition second to none so the
serious part of finding your 911 is over
now you get the bump part this absolute
amazing example of a low mileage Florida
driven and beautifully maintained 2005
Carrera 997 will be your